


                                                 # Game_ticketbooking_app

## Outdoor Game Ticket Booking Application

### Project Details
This is a Web 2.0 application that is built with the following frameworks and technologies on the server side:

- Spring Boot
- Annotated Controller
- Hibernate 6.2, HQL
- Annotated POJOs
- DAO Pattern

For the front end, JSP pages with HTML and CSS are used to make the web application appealing and interactive for the user. The application will connect to a MySQL database using Hibernate as the ORM framework in the Spring Boot application.

The application will have two user roles: Admin and User.

#### Admin Role
- Admin will have hardcoded credentials (email ID and Password) to log in.
- Admin can add different gaming events organized in his company's only branch, which is in Boston.
- Admin can add time slots and the total number of player positions available in each time slot for each game.
- Admin can add pricing for each game.
- Admin can update and delete event names, images, times, pricing, etc.
- Admin can view all the games and events that are being added by him.
- Admin can read the number of tickets booked by customers for the events in a given day.

#### User Role
- User has to register (Name, Email ID, Password) and log in (using Email ID, Password) to pay and book tickets for games he would like to play in the respective time slots available.
- User can view all the games that are listed by the company.
- The application includes a pay button for the user to click and simulate the payment process (Payments are for demonstration purposes only and not actual payments, which makes the application simpler).
- User can view all the tickets he has booked in his cart.
- If the user wants to cancel his tickets and receive a refund, he will be able to do so. Once canceled, the available tickets in the game’s time slot will increase accordingly.
- All the data generated by the application can be stored and retrieved from a MySQL database. The application will be demonstrated by running it on a local machine.
